Update storage class description for GKE deploy (#1767)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-gcp-gke.md

To improve I/O write performance, it is recommended to configure `nodelalloc` and `noatime` in the `mountOptions` field of the StorageClass resource. For details, see [TiDB Environment and System Configuration Check](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/check-before-deployment#mount-the-data-disk-ext4-filesystem-with-options-on-the-target-machines-that-deploy-tikv).

> It is recommended to use default pd-ssd storageclass `premium-rwo` or to setup a customized storage class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use the default `pd-ssd` storage class `premium-rwo` or to set up a customized storage class:
```
